1. Disable unused filesytems
	a. Ensure mounting of cramfs filesystem is disabled.
	b. Ensure mounting of freevxs filesystem is disabled.
	c. Ensure mounting of jffs2 filesystem is disabled.
	d. Ensure mounting of hfs filesystem is disabled.
	e. Ensure mounting of hfsplus filesystem is disabled.
	f. Ensure mounting of squashfs filesystem is disabled.
	g. Ensure mounting of udf filesystem is disabled.
		add blacklist-file_systems.conf to /etc/modprobe.d/
		sudo touch /etc/modprobe.d/blacklist-file_systems.conf
2. Ensure /tmp is configured
3. Ensure nodev option set on /tmp partition
4. Ensure nosuid option set on /tmp partition
5. Ensure noexec option set on /tmp partition
6. Ensure /dev/shm is configured
7. Ensure nodev option set on /dev/shm partition
8. Ensure nosuid option set on /dev/shm partition 
9. Ensure noexec option set on /dev/shm partition 
10. Ensure separate partition exists for /var
11. Ensure separate partition exists for /var/tmp 
12. Ensure /var/tmp partition includes the nodev option
13. Ensure /var/tmp partition includes the nosuid option
14. Ensure /var/tmp partition includes the noexec option
15. Ensure separate partition exists for /var/log
16. Ensure separate partition exists for /var/log/audit
17. Ensure separate partition exists for /home
18. Ensure /home partition includes the nodev option
19. Ensure nodev option set on removable media partitions
20. Ensure nosuid option set on removable media partitions
21. Ensure noexec option set on removable media partitions
22. Ensure sticky bit is set on all world-writable directories
23. Disable Automounting
24. Disable USB Storage